Consent on Profile (#7211)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-segment-connections.md

```

Events without the consent object will continue to flow to destinations without consent enforcement. 

> Segment events without a context or consent object or that have an empty context or consent object do not impact [consent preferences on the Profile](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify) and these events will flow to all destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment events without a context or consent object or that have an empty context or consent object do not impact [consent preferences on the Profile](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify) and these events will flow to all destinations.
```

There's a lot of branching with these or clauses, any way we could simplify this sentence?  Maybe something like "Events that don't include a `context` object, a `consent` object, or that include them but leave them empty, don’t affect profile-level consent preferences and will be sent to all destinations."  

Or maybe "Segment events that are missing a `context` or `consent` object (or include them without any values) will still flow to all destinations and won't update consent preferences on the Profile."

> Segment events without a context or consent object or that have an empty context or consent object do not impact [consent preferences on the Profile](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify) and these events will flow to all destinations.

Author: ```suggestion
Segment events without a context or consent object or that have an empty context or consent object do not impact  and these events will flow to all destinations.

Events that don't include a context object, a consent object, or that include them but leave them empty, don’t affect [Profile-level consent preferences](/docs/privacy/consent-management/consent-in-unify) and will flow to all destinations.
```
